Advanced.md changes (#72)
Anything-Minecraft-Team/anything-minecraft: tutorials/en_us/JARS/ADVANCED.md

If you want to go a little more in-depth with JAR picking, you've come to the right place.

> ## Server Software:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Server Software
```

Punctuation shouldn't be used in headings. markdownlint should've caught this.

Server software is the software that allows multiple players to play on a server together.

### Plugins:

> - [CraftBukkit](https://getbukkit.org/download/craftbukkit) - It's the BASE for all forks that are out today and they still are updating it to this day, not newbie friendly at all because it requires manual building (or you can get it [here](https://getbukkit.org)). The only real case of use is for Minecraft versions from 1.0.0 to 1.4.5 as there is no spigot release for those versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CraftBukkit](https://getbukkit.org/download/craftbukkit) - It's the BASE for all forks that are out today and they still are updating it to this day, not newbie friendly at all because it requires manual building (or you can get it [here](https://getbukkit.org)). The only real use is for Minecraft versions from `1.0.0` to `1.4.5` as there are no Spigot release for these versions.
```

> - [Spigot](https://www.spigotmc.org/) - The original fork of Bukkit, improved performance vs CraftBukkit, still widely used, recommended alternative if for some reason you don't want to use PaperSpigot.

Reviewer: Run on sentence. Rectify by rewording and/or changing sentence structure

> - [PaperMC](https://papermc.io/) - Most popular JAR for Spigot/Bukkit, quite fast and stable, they roll out small patches at least every two days or so, a good choice if you're just starting with your MC server and don't have much experience because it's fast and simple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PaperMC](https://papermc.io/) - Most popular JAR for Spigot/Bukkit, quite fast and stable, they roll out small patches frequently, so it is a good choice if you're just starting with your MC server and don't have much experience.
```

- [Airplane](https://github.com/TECHNOVE/Airplane) - This fork includes optimizations oriented towards large servers. 

- [Purplane](https://github.com/notOM3GA/Purplane) - A fork of purpur that adds features from [Airplane](https://github.com/TECHNOVE/Airplane).

- [SpongeVanilla](https://www.spongepowered.org/downloads/spongevanilla) - A server implementing the Sponge API, a different plugin API separate from the Bukkit API. This implementation also includes some general improvements regarding performance and server settings.

- [FoxSpigot](https://www.mc-market.org/resources/8592/) - FoxSpigot is a fork of Spigot aiming to make PvP server perform better.

- [Yatopia](https://github.com/YatopiaMC/Yatopia) - Aims to combine the code from many Paper forks and optimization mods, as well as many unique optimizations, but it's known to be very unstable and usually, Purpur is a better choice. Only use if you desperately need performance and think it's worth the instability.

> - [Cuberite](https://cuberite.org/) - Cuberite is a server software developed in C++ and plugins are written in LUA. Cuberite is very lightweight and they also allow you to run a server on your android device! Cuberite is only 1.8-1.12, 1.13+ compatibility is being worked on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Cuberite](https://cuberite.org/) - Cuberite is a server software developed in C++ and plugins are written in LUA. Cuberite is very lightweight and they also allow you to run a server on your android device! Cuberite is only 1.8-1.12. 1.13+ compatibility is being worked on.
```

- [Glowstone](https://github.com/GlowstoneMC/Glowstone) - Glowstone is a lightweight, from scratch, open-source Minecraft server written in Java that supports plugins written for the Bukkit API and its major forks, Spigot and Paper.

- [TacoSpigot](https://github.com/TacoSpigot/TacoSpigot) - A even-higher higher performance PaperSpigot fork that adds new features.

- [SharperMC](https://github.com/SharperMC/SharperMC) - SharperMC is a C# 1.8.x Minecraft server running on the .NET Framework. SharperMC is a fork of [SharpMC](https://github.com/SharpMC/SharpMC) which was last updated in 2015.

> ### Mods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Modded Server JARS
```

1. "mods" doesn't make sense
2. Again, no punctuation in headings

> - [Forge](http://files.minecraftforge.net/) - Forge is a server software based on the MCP. Both the server and client need to be running the mods.

Reviewer: "a"? Doesn't make sense.

Reviewer: "need to be running the mods." - is unclear.

> - [Fabric](https://fabricmc.net/) - Fabric, unlike Forge, is not based on the MCP. This allows it to be updated for snapshots easier. It is incompatible with Forge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Fabric](https://fabricmc.net/) - Fabric, unlike Forge, is not based on the MCP. This allows it to be updated for snapshots easier. **It is incompatible with Forge.**
```

> ### Plugins + Mods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Plugins and Mods
```

> - [Magma](https://magmafoundation.org/) - Minecraft Forge Hybrid server implementing the Spigot/Bukkit API (Cauldron for 1.12)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Magma](https://magmafoundation.org/) - Minecraft Forge hybrid server implementing the Spigot/Bukkit API (Cauldron for 1.12).
```

> - [Mohist](https://mohistmc.com/) - Minecraft Forge Hybrid server implementing the Paper/Spigot/Bukkit API(1.12.2/1.16), formerly known as Thermos/Kettle/Cauldron/MCPC+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Mohist](https://mohistmc.com/) - Minecraft Forge hybrid server implementing the Paper/Spigot/Bukkit API(1.12.2/1.16). Formerly known as Thermos/Kettle/Cauldron/MCPC+.
```

> - [Arclight](https://github.com/IzzelAliz/Arclight) - A Minecraft Bukkit(1.15/1.16) server implementation on Forge using Mixin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Arclight](https://github.com/IzzelAliz/Arclight) - A Minecraft Bukkit(1.15/1.16) server implementation on Forge using Mixin.
```

Reviewer: unresolved ^

- [SpongeForge](https://www.spongepowered.org/downloads/spongeforge) - SpongeForge allows both SpongeVanila plugins as well as Forge mods on one server.

> - [Cardboard](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cardboard) - Cardboard (formerly Bukkit4Fabric) is a Fabric mod that adds support for the popular Bukkit/Spigot modding API. This mod lets you use plugins that are made for Bukkit and it's derivatives (Spigot and Paper) with Fabric. It's not a server software but allows Fabric servers to run Bukkit plugins.

Reviewer: "a server software" doesn't make sense

> - [Cardboard](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cardboard) - Cardboard (formerly Bukkit4Fabric) is a Fabric mod that adds support for the popular Bukkit/Spigot modding API. This mod lets you use plugins that are made for Bukkit and it's derivatives (Spigot & Paper) with Fabric. It's not a server software but allows fabric servers to run bukkit plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Cardboard](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cardboard) - Cardboard (formerly Bukkit4Fabric) is a Fabric mod that adds support for the popular Bukkit/Spigot modding API. This mod lets you use plugins that are made for Bukkit and it's derivatives (Spigot and Paper) with Fabric. It's not a server software but allows Fabric servers to run Bukkit plugins.
```

Reviewer: Please use consistent capitalisation

> ## Network Software:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Network Software
```

- [BungeeCord](https://www.spigotmc.org/wiki/bungeecord/) - Base for the Waterfall fork, these JARs are used for configuring networks of which an example is Hypixel or Mineplex, it is used for distributing workload and players to different lobbies (Different server instances run with separate files and data).

>   No, this can't be used as a normal JAR and requires at least 3 servers/instances, one is BungeeCord (or it's fork) which is called the proxy, players connect to this proxy and are sent to the default server which is set in config. Let's say server "Lobby" is the default, it will send you there, after that you can connect to another server, for example, "Survival" which is running in a separate server/instance and BungeeCord enables the functionality travel across these different servers without returning to the multiplayer menu screen. (It can be done with special plugins which utilize BungeeCord API to send you to the chosen server on click, you'll most commonly see it as thecompass or a portal)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, this can't be used as a normal JAR and requires at least 3 servers/instances, one is BungeeCord (or it's fork) which is called the proxy, players connect to this proxy and are sent to the default server which is set in config. Let's say server "Lobby" is the default, it will send you there, after that you can connect to another server, for example, "Survival" which is running in a separate server/instance and BungeeCord enables the functionality travel across these different servers without returning to the multiplayer menu screen. (It can be done with special plugins which utilize BungeeCord API to send you to the chosen server on click, you'll most commonly see it as a compass or portal).
```

- [Waterfall](https://papermc.io/downloads#Waterfall) - Fork of BungeeCord, faster than BungeeCord and has general improvements and tweaks which make it the more preferred network JAR, works the same as BungeeCord (talking about the use, it doesn't have a different system).

- [Velocity](https://velocitypowered.com/) - A next-generation Minecraft proxy focused on scalability and flexibility. It allows server owners to link together multiple Minecraft servers so they may appear as one.

> - [Travertine](https://github.com/PaperMC/Travertine) - Fork of Waterfall with added 1.7.10 support if you want that old school experience ;)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Travertine](https://github.com/PaperMC/Travertine) - Fork of Waterfall with added `1.7.10` support if you want that old school experience.
```
